aiodns                  # theHarvester
aiofiles                # theHarvester
aiohttp                 # theHarvester
aiomultiprocess         # theHarvester
aiosqlite               # theHarvester
argcomplete             # brutespray
argparse                # multiple
bbrf                    # multiple
beautifulsoup4          # multiple
bs4                     # multiple
censys                  # theHarvester
certifi                 # theHarvester
dank                    # regulator
datrie                  # regulator
dnspython               # ip2provider
emailfinder             # Tool
editdistance            # regulator
fake-useragent          # fav-up
fastapi                 # theHarvester
future                  # multiple
google                  # dorks_hunter
h8mail                  # Tool
ipwhois                 # fav-up
metafinder              # Tool
mmh3                    # fav-up
netaddr                 # dnsvalidator
orjson                  # theHarvester
psutil                  # xnLinkFinder
pyppeteer               # theHarvester
PySocks                 # pwndb
PyYAML                  # theHarvester
requests                # multiple
requests_futures        # cloud_enums
retrying                # theHarvester
s3scanner               # Tool
setuptools              # theHarvester
slowapi                 # theHarvester
starlette               # theHarvester
termcolor               # xnLinkFinder
tldextract              # dorks_hunter
tqdm                    # multiple
ujson                   # theHarvester
urllib3                 # multiple
uvicorn                 # theHarvester
uvloop;platform_system != "Windows" # theHarvester
pillow>=10.3.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability